Pameron Tucker,
you outdid yourself
on these
biscuits and gravy.
They are so tasty,
they make you want
to slap your mama.
Am I right, Mitchell?
Sure.
If that's a thing, why not?
Bless your hearts.
(Southern accent)
I'm fuller than a dog tick.
Hey, just because
they do it...
It's the least
I could do,
since you'uns
opened your home to me
for I don't know
how many weeks now.
(whispers) Three.
I just don't get it.
How could he leave me?
I know.
I'm pretty.
There's nothing
I won't let him do in the b-e-d.
Hey, sweetheart, you're such
a big eater, aren't ya, huh?
I can't believe
I got left.
Left!
So, Pam got left.
Her husband, Bo,
took off with half their stuff
when she was out rounding up
dazed piglets after a twister.
I'm not kidding.
I insisted
she stay with us
so I could help build up
her confidence again.
Pam's self-worth has always been
tied to the attention of men.
Which, you know, maybe isn't the
best thing for Lily to witness.
What are you
talking about?
N-Nothing.
I'm probably
just imagining it.
I'm not imagining it.
(cellphone rings)
It could be him!
That could be him, you guys!
Get!
(screams)
That could be him!
It could be him!
It's not him.
(screaming)
♪♪
Wow, this is more reading
than I did
in my three years
at a two-year college.
I'm thinking chili dog,
just like Pops --
may he rest in peace --
bought me
at my first baseball game.
May I be frank?
We have a wiener.
[winner]
Oh, that's
so weirdly sweet.
And it's so cute
how your hair never moves.
It's like a LEGO.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, I know you!
Coachella,
dancing on top of my van.
No, I just have
one of those faces that --
It's Haley, right?
Haley, would you like
to introduce us?
Um, okay.
Andy, my boyfriend,
this is...
Tom.
TomTom.
Is that Cherokee?
Uh...
I should --
Bye.
I'm sorry.
Hey, I know that you're
a little wilder than I am.
It's one of the reasons
I fell for you. It's exciting.
You don't
have to say that.
No, I mean it.
You know what? Let's forget
about dinner and a movie.
Let's do what Wild Haley
would do instead.
Honestly,
I've been kind of ready
for Wild Haley to chuck
her party pumps in the trash.
Or give them to charity,
blah, blah, blah -- whatever.
But if that's one of the things
that Andy liked about me,
I wasn't gonna shut it down.
Okay, well, we can start
at this Western place
where I know the bartender.
If you hang back, I can get us
free drinks all night.
It won't look weird,
you ordering two drinks
every time you go up?
No.
Then let's
turn this mother out.
(chuckles)
I got pretty lucky
pulling that expression
out of my fanny.
I'm not usually so quick
with party talk,
but I've always had this fear
that Haley would think
I couldn't keep up with her,
so I just tried
to survive the night
and not barf
on my dad's old church shirt.
Claire?
Can we
watch the movie now?
Honey?
Answer him!
Honey, please. I just
have to approve this proposal.
I've been working on it
all week.
(cellphone dings)
Oh...my...God.
That's right.
Sun never sets on Mama's empire.
No, remember
the travel app we signed up for
that gives you
the last-minute deals?
Huh?
Three nights in Paris,
first-class airfare,
four-star hotel
for basically nothing.
The flight leaves
at noon tomorrow.
We have five minutes
to answer.
Wait. You're not seriously
considering this, are you?
It's kind of
the deal of the century.
Plus, we'd only miss
one day of work.
Haley's with Andy.
Luke's on a ski trip.
I don't matter.
Oh, sweetie,
by the time we got there,
we would be so messed up
on the time change,
we would just wander around
in, like, a nauseous fog.
Or you could just
force yourselves
to stay up all night
tonight,
then sleep on the plane
tomorrow,
and then
when you land in Paris,
your morning
will be Paris' morning.
There we go!
Lucky for us,
the smart one's home.
It's such a sweet idea,
but I am so tired from work
this week.
What is more energizing
than springtime in Paris?
Baguettes baking, mimes miming,
skunks in love.
This is what life is.
C'est la vie, right?
Nope.
Joie de vivre.
Better.
Look, someday,
watching movies on the couch
is the only thing
we'll be able to do,
but right now,
let's fire a warning shot
right through
Father Time's beard
and spend a weekend
in the Eternal City.
Rome.
Emerald City.
Seattle or Oz.
She knows where I mean,
and the clock's running!
You really want to do this,
don't you?
We'd be back Tuesday
with the story of a lifetime.
(sighs)
Press the orange square.
(French accent)
Pressez-vous le square orange.
(normal voice) Yeah!
We're doing it!
Aah!
Sorry, sleep!
You'll have to wait!
We're setting our watches
to Paris time,
which is...
Nine hours ahead.
Okay.
Okay,
it's 9:30 right now...
Oh, my God! 6:30.
6:30.
Oh.
How long's it take
to get the makeup off?
I got out of Saigon
faster.
You like what walks out the door
every morning,
so don't complain
about the process.
I got a floor sander
in the garage
if it'll open up the bathroom
sooner.
Aw, feeling
a little put-out, Jay?
It's my bathroom,
remember?
Manny,
there's no pimple there.
It's the underground kind.
I can feel my heartbeat in it.
I retired.
I needed a little project.
So I decided
to redo our master bathroom.
Yeah, if only
someone had told you
that it was going to be
harder and longer
than it looked
on YouTube.
Oh, wait!
If you just followed
the simple bathroom schedule
I posted in two places
in English and Spanish...
Yes, who does that?
Who puts a schedule up
for their family?
Uh, don't go in there.
I need to get
my vanishing cream.
I can't find it.
Must've worked.
(laughs sarcastically)
So funny,
I forgot to --
(screams)
What happened
to the shower?!
It was finished!
I started over.
I wasn't loving the grout.
This is gonna take
at least one more week.
Don't upset yourself.
No, you are
upsetting myself!
And you're gonna go
and sleep on the couch.
Are you serious?
Fine.
What are you doing?
That's fresh tar
in there.
You really want to smell that
all night long?
I get to make one decision
about this bathroom.
The door stays open!
Fine.
Um, in all
the bathroom confusion,
instead of
my multivitamin,
I may have taken
a birth-control pill.
I think you'll be fine.
And anyways, for sure
I won't be needing one tonight!
It may be the pill,
but I'm feeling
a little attacked right now.
(indistinct talking)
Mm.
Did you drink that
while it was still on fire?
It's an old habit.
It's how I used to eat
my marshmallows.
(laughing)
I love this guy.
And you're so pretty.
It's really good
meeting you two.
Haley, I'll give you 20 bucks
to make out with Bianca.
20 bucks?
So, Bianca's a smoker.
Didn't love that.
Or the wandering hands.
But it's all a part
of the Wild Haley experience.
(all cheering)
Aaaaaaah!
Yeah!
Ohhhh, God!
Ohhhhh, no!
Oh!
12 seconds!
Not bad!
And it was so fun.
That's why
I was screaming.
Wow,
what a night, huh?
Sucks it's so late.
Not where we're going.
I know that look --
Vegas!
Come on! You in?
Turtle-y!
I love this idea.
Me too!
I was scared we were done.
Let's go.
Oh!
Oh! Oh!
That's some tender meats.
Ow. Aah.
I can't sleep when I'm angry.
Never could.
And there's something very wrong
with people who can.
(snoring)
(cellphone tweets)
What are you doing sending
e-mails this time of night?
Really?
You want some company?
Gloria's just adjusting
to me being around more.
We're on top of each other --
and not in a good way.
Oh, fun. I was hoping
your sex life would come up.
Look, Dad,
remodels are tense.
Half the divorces I do
start with a remodel.
Or an underwear model.
Can I get you anything?
You know
what a Reuben is?
Yes.
No, you don't.
This is a Reuben.
You grill the bread
and the corned beef separately.
Now, I said "corned beef."
There's no vodka
in a martini.
There's no pastrami
in a Reuben.
You put 'em together.
Then you have
'kraut, Swiss, Russian.
Axis, neutral, Ally.
That's how you remember.
Got it.
Roderigo! Number siete!
What's with people today?
Yeah,
it's totally people.
Look, Dad,
you get so worked up.
You should try doing
this thing that I'm doing
where I just decide
not to let things bother me.
Really?
Yep.
That's why you're here alone
in the middle of the night?
It's just a little hard
to get work done at
my house right now.
So, once a year, some sort of
pollen is released into the air,
and for two weeks, Cam has
allergy-induced sleep apnea
and has to use an apparatus
in order to help him breathe.
Is it hideous?
Is what hideous?
I barely even noticed it.
(air pumping, echoing)
What's challenging is,
Pam has the same condition.
(air pumping, whistling)
I thought
that maybe I could focus
if I could get
those contraptions in sync.
(whistling stops)
(gasping, beeping)
Why did you
plug it back in?
Charming.
No, unlike you, I didn't engage,
and I avoided a fight.
So all is well
on my side of the street.
Mitchell, there's a pile
of little orange hairs
on your keyboard.
You're picking your eyebrows
again.
Like you did
when I put you in Little League.
Okay, I am
a little stressed.
But it's just 'cause I'm --
I'm buried under work.
And Cam's sister is
the worst influence on Lily.
But I-I can't yell at her
because she's a sopping mess.
So, you know,
who am I supposed to yell at?
My husband, who needs
a machine to breathe?
Well, you better find yourself
an outlet.
That's why I have
scotch and golf and cigars.
Otherwise,
I'd be a raging jackass.
We're out of rye.
Then bake some!
Can you please not
yell at the woman who's
bringing us our food?
Stop that.
That's gross!
It's like a fox
ran across the table.
We're out of here.
No, I have work to do.
No, you got to
blow off some steam.
O-Okay, this sounds
a lot like Little League.
We better not be going
to a batting cage.
You do not want to put a bat
in my hands right now.
Like you could hit me.
Let's go.
Ba-ba-ba!
Out of that trance!
We're going to France!
I can yawn.
It's 2:30 in the morning.
Mais non, mademoiselle!
It's 11:30 in the morning.
Mm.
Thanks
for doing these.
Yeah.
Did I mention that --
Yes, you did --
that if you wear your sweatpants
low enough,
tonight, I will see London,
I will see France,
and then, yes,
I will see your underpants.
Phil!
You're asleep!
Oh, no, no, no!
It's fine.
We can take a nap.
Europeans
are always napping.
Actually, that's the worst thing
you can do.
She's right, Claire.
Get up.
Why are you
still awake?
I'm too excited
to sleep.
I'm studying
Big Bang nucleosynthesis --
well, more specifically
the total Baryonic matter
in the universe.
Let's go back.
Dark matter and dark energy
make up 95%
of all of the matter in the --
No! Go away!
Stop!
We needed help.
And no surprise, first entry
on howtostayawake.net --
coffee.
This did it.
This is all we needed.
You want to rub my feet?
If you rub mine.
(snoring)
Phil!
The feet!
Why'd we do the feet?!
(groans)
Second tip --
stay active.
[ New age music plays ]
(snoring)
You're asleep!
Finally, we found
something that worked.
For me.
(growling)
No! What the hell?!
(laughs)
Aah!
Oh, my nana!
(laughs)
(yawns)
Hey.
What do you say we take a walk
and get something to eat?
It is French lunchtime.
Sure.
It's worth a shot.
Got to do something
first.
(screams)
ALEX: Aah! Why?!
Why would you do that?!
PAM:
Alls I'm saying is,
if you're lucky enough
to get this boy Ryan you like,
you hold on
with both hands.
'Cause once he's gone,
you're nothing.
Okay, you don't
really mean that.
I don't know
what I mean.
I'm just a woman
running her fool mouth off.
Okay, not exactly
the message of empowerment
we'd like to impart
to our 21st-century daughter.
What's a Demerol shooter?
(door closes)
Okay, you know what?
Let's keep our voices down.
We don't want anyone woken up
and proven correct.
Give me that.
One more drag!
No. Stop.
What's the worst it's gonna do?
Kill me?
Stop...it!
Hey, I rolled that!
JOE (muffled): Mama!
Mama!
What?!
Ay. Sorry, sorry.
It's you, Papi.
What's wrong?
Can you please
deal with Joe?
And also get a therapist?
Mama!
But...
That is not
coming from his bedroom.
Mama!
Oh, no!
(gasps)
I wanted a glass of water,
and I got stuck.
Damn it!
Why didn't I close that door
so that you didn't get stuck
like Manny's gerbil
in the glue trap?!
But you said
he ran away.
Yes, most of him did.
Take off your slippers.
Oh, yeah, good idea.
Don't want anything bad
to happen to them.
Okay.
Wait!
What are you doing?!
Are you crazy?!
They're Florentine leather!
Ay, Manny,
that's what we just told you.
We got them in Chinatown.
Okay, Little Joe.
Let's get you
out of there.
(grunting)
Okay, come on!
Okay. Ay.
Now we're gonna
burn these pajamas
with the towel
and the slippers.
Burn them?
It's in my hair, too.
Okay.
I will cut it.
Go. Grab some scissors
and run them back to Mama.
I'll get the scissors,
Joe!
(footsteps departing)
I didn't even want him,
and I'm the only one
keeping him alive.
Okay, I just
have to smooth this out
so that Jay
doesn't notice anything.
You're really going through
a lot of trouble
to hide this from him.
You just don't understand.
This is the first time
in a fight
that I was 100% right
and Jay was 100% wrong.
That never happens.
And being right
is so important?
Get married
and then get back to me.
Ay, no! This is stuck!
Come help me!
Push!
(clattering)
(both screaming)
Oh, no!
My birthday Rolex!
Ay, Manny.
We'll take the check,
please.
(thump)
No!
Oh.
Thank you so much.
I want to go to sleep
so bad, Phil.
Oh.
Maybe this will
keep you awake.
Our house
cannot be this far.
We've been walking
for...
We've passed this mattress
already.
Claire.
It's fate.
God wants me to sleep.
Fight it!
Fight it, Claire!
Let me go!
No! No!
We're so close!
I can't let you quit!
Oh, God. I'm not gonna go to
sleep on some filthy mattress.
Okay.
For long.
No. No!
No, no.
I'm sorry.
I'm so tired from work
already.
I won't be any fun
in Paris.
You should go.
Meet someone.
I don't care.
I just can't do it.
I'm sorry.
You know what?
(sighs)
Let's not.
I shouldn't have
pushed you.
I know I said all that stuff
about not wanting to get old,
but...
I think I really wanted to go
because I miss you.
Ohhhh.
Because I've been working
so much?
Yeah, which is great.
I-I really want that for you.
I-I think I...
I just wanted
a little adventure.
But you know what?
We've had so much fun
tonight.
When was the last time
I got to stay up until
5:00 in the morning with you?
Give me that hand.
What for?
Oh!
That's to wake me up.
Wow.
And that is
for ever forgetting
that you are
the best husband.
Mmmmm.
Mmmm.
Oh. What's that for?
For whatever's
crawling all over me!
Oh, no!
They're on me, too!
$40 for the hour.
Songs are in the book.
Anyone want a cocktail?
You know
how to make a Manhattan?
Yes.
No, you don't.
The only Manhattan --
He's got it, Dad.
Thank you. Thanks.
So, a karaoke bar, huh?
(chuckles)
You know, it's a little
offensive that you think
singing a pop song
is gonna solve my problems.
How gay
do you think I am?
Mitchell!
Madonna!
("Express Yourself" begins)
Oh! Yeah. Okay.
(music stops)
Well, come on!
When you were stressed out
as a kid,
you used to dance and sing
Madonna in the living room.
Fixed you right up.
Ah, I'm not surprised.
You think I haven't changed
at all in 25 years.
If you were surprised,
I wouldn't know it,
since you've plucked out
all your eyebrows.
Madonna, Mitchell.
("Express Yourself" resumes)
News flash --
I am not singing.
yes, you are!
Ooh.
You know what, Dad?
You have been
really bossy tonight.
With me,
with that waitress.
I-I bet that's why you
and Gloria are having problems.
Yeah.
You miss bossing people around
at work,
so now you're doing it
at home.
If I admitted
there was some truth in that,
could you just give in?
You've been grinding around
like Lola Falana.
I don't know why
this is so important to you.
Can you just
let me help you?!
Okay, I'm doing this,
but only because
you need it so much.
Come on, girls!
Do you believe in love?
'Cause I got
something to say about it.
And it goes
something like this.
♪ Don't go for second best,
baby ♪
♪ Put your love
to the test ♪
♪ You know, you know... ♪
JAY: Watching Mitchell,
I did feel kind of good
about fixing his problem.
Now, being retired, you don't
always feel useful anymore.
It's probably why I keep
tearing up that bathroom.
I guess it wouldn't be the worst
thing to admit to Gloria.
Eh, it'll probably blow over.
♪ Express yourself ♪
Damn it.
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
I knew you'd be up,
tossing and turning.
GLORIA: Yes, yes.
Why are you calling
from the couch?
Not home.
Long story.
Look,
let me get this out.
I have been going crazy
with the bathroom,
but it's not really
about the bathroom.
It's about me not being sure
of who I am anymore.
You were 100% right.
I love to hear that,
but --
No, you were.
Okay.
No rush getting home.
(whimpering)
We're fine here.
Please, please, please,
please, please, please!
Come on, black!
CROUPIER: 18 red.
18 red.
(groans)
So close.
Gambling is the best!
(laughing) Yeah.
You hand your hard-earned money
to strangers
and pray it comes back.
(laughs)
I know I've had
a lot to drink,
but that is not Bianca anymore,
is it?
Nope.
I don't want to believe
Clint sold her...
You guys want
to get really crazy?
People know where I am.
All-in
on one number.
Okay, I guess
that's no scarier
than when that glow-stick
broke in my mouth.
Do it.
(chuckles)
Andy, that's, like,
a month's rent.
Hey,
you got to go big or --
Wait -- the black ones
aren't $1s?
Really?
Okay, could I just --
CROUPIER: Sorry, sir.
The ball's rolling.
Oh, my gosh.
Andy, what is happening
with you?
Why are you doing this?
What are you talking about?
I thought you loved Wild Andy.
No, no.
I love Normal Andy,
tomato-soup-and-grilled-cheese
Andy.
Still-in-bed-by-11:00
Uses-the-word-"tummy" Andy.
Really? Because I've been doing
this whole thing because I was
afraid you'd get bored and
dump me if I couldn't keep up.
I know you can't keep up.
But I'd rather slow down.
I like the me I am
when I'm with you.
Well, I wish you would have
told me that about a minute ago.
(ball clinking)
Aah! I can't watch!
The stress is murder
on my tummy.
(whirring)
(sputtering)
Aunt Pam's leaving.
Pameron Jessica Tucker,
where do you think you're going?
Home -- to get down on my knees
and beg Bo to come back.
I'm just gonna lie
and tell him I'm pregnant.
No, that is not how mature
people handle their problems.
I will fight you.
You are not going to crawl back
to that man.
You don't have a choice.
You know I can take you.
Oh, yeah, right.
(door slams)
Ooh!
Pameron --
No! Ow! Oh!
Okay, you know what?
You are
going to regret that!
Ungh!
Oh,
now you poked the bear!
Well, come on,
Mama Bear!
I'm coming!
(both grunting)
It's all my fault
anyway!
I pushed him away!
Aah! Oh!
Because I never listened!
(grunts)
You really want Lily
to think women are weak?!
Get off my daddy!
You're acting this crazy
all over a boy?!
Oh, Lily, I'm so happy
to hear you say that!
Now, pull
Aunt Pameron's bra strap!
(all shouting, groaning)
Oh. Okay.
So we moved the couch.
(door closes)
Where were you?
I, uh,
I had some work to do.
Me too.
Get my man back.
Okay. Okay.
All right.
As much as I'd love
to leave this alone,
I learned something
tonight
that I feel like
I-I need to share with you.
You deserve
the best in life.
So if the time isn't right,
then...move on.
Second best, it's...
It's never enough.
You'll do much better, baby,
on your own.
Baby.
On your own.
Ohhh.
(voice breaking)
My God.
You're right.
Yeah.
Don't go for
second best.
Put your love --
It's okay.
I fixed her.
Madonna fixed her.
(crying)
Don't worry.
We've got this.
Take all the time you need.
I'm only finishing
a 12-hour shift.
Do you got a nickel or a dime
or anything?
I don't.
Sorry, but...
you're gonna
have to make change.
(cellphone dings)
(giggles)
What?!
My mom and dad
are going to Paris.
Okay, children informed,
passports secured,
luggage packed.
Oh.
What am I forgetting?
Oh, yeah.
Au revoir, Alex!
Next stop --
Paradise City!
ALEX:
Guns N' Roses.
-- Captions by VITAC --